know why your website is better than any
salesperson plus my top go to market
strategies for a b2b startup
[Music]
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and host the top 100 marketing podcast
business growth show if you haven't yet
check out my weekly email where i'm
sharing actionable web and marketing
tips
useful podcasts
free guides and resources and much much
more each and every monday to start your
week off with a bang
give it a try over at business growth
dot email today the rolls reversed zach
thompson and jack frimston are
interviewing me for their we have a
meeting podcast we're talking all things
go to market strategy for b2b startups
while your website beats any sales rep
and a bunch of other marketing tactics
for b2b so with that said let's jump
straight into the show welcome to
another episode of the we have a meeting
podcast with myself zach thompson and
jack fringston today we're joined by a
very special guest a wizard in the world
of marketing
a man who's a regular voice that we
enjoy on linkedin and a fellow podcast
host we're joined today by sam dunning
sam how are you
yeah doing well thanks lads thanks for
having me on looking forward to the chat
today yes so we i know you've got a few
controversial opinions on things so
we're looking forward to
jumping into that and
having a bit of a barney later on but to
uh to kick things off
if we were both employed in a job and i
remember this back when i was working
for someone often sales and marketing
are at war with each other they don't
work very well they don't work
symbiotically even though often they
have the same end objective so from your
standpoint how can sales and marketing
work better together
oh it's a good one it's a good one
because i've been on both ends of the
stick as well so i've worked and
companies where i've been kind of the
sole sales rep
and likewise now work with companies
helping them with their marketing so
yeah there's there's a lot to it
i mean ultimately i think it's
marketing actually understanding first
and foremost probably what counts as a
sales qualified lead
um especially if we're talking about
let's say a b2b company that's maybe
operating in the text
tech space defining kind of what
actually is a sales qualified lead
because as far as marketing are
concerned it might just be someone that
downloaded an ebook that gave them that
email
signed up for a webinar signed up for
your newsletter
um something like that when in truth if
you if you've passed something like that
to a sales rep all they're going to get
told on the end of the phone is to do
one to go away get lost
maybe one in
a hundred one five hundred might take a
meeting but the vast majority of those
aren't gonna be ready yet to speak to
sales just yet they're gonna need some
kind of nurturing well that's email
social whatever
so i think that's probably one of the
early things you need to define
like understanding who the ideal client
profile is
who exactly you want to attract as a
client as a customer what kind of
industries they typically operate in
and what kind of businesses they come
from their size their scale their
turnover and then understanding
what's a sales qualified lead what is
this persona and have they got intent to
buy and so on so that's probably one of
the first things
and then understanding that marketing
activity actually needs to drive that
quality sales pipeline
um
first and foremost so i suppose
that is the that's the start of it
and then
working together i guess to understand
things like well
what kind of budget we've got to attack
marketing with um what are going to be
the first
go to market strategies really and
that's going to depend on where your
business is at whether you're funded
whether you're bootstrapped
how scrappy you need to be
to then um hit the market really whether
you're gonna go kind of fully outbound
cold calling whether you're gonna have
some money to go inbound work on your
website work on some paid strategy maybe
work on some demand generation so
that's my first first point if you guys
want to dive a bit deeper into that
well it sounds like what you're saying
if you if you took it at grassroots
level is an understanding of expectation
would you agree with that
exactly yeah yeah defining kind of what
constitutes someone someone's ready to
actually chat to a sales rep i guess
yeah exactly and then
typically
people are targeted slightly differently
aren't they so marketing might be
targeting one thing sales are targets on
the end goal and they are often at
loggerheads
so perhaps outlining where that
expectation
ties in and how you can help each other
instead but
from my standpoint i don't think i've
ever worked in a business where sales
and marketing got on which i think is is
odd it'd be like
i don't know the md and the financial
director not getting on which i'm sure
happens but they often have the same end
goal don't they they have to get on at
some point otherwise the business will
fail
yeah that's it that's i think the issue
is that most marketing execs haven't
actually spoken to customers
so as far as they're concerned when
they're sending a lead on it's as good
as gold it's ready to ready to buy it's
ready to rock and roll
um when the truth is that
both marketers and sales need to be
speaking to customers regularly
understanding things like what are
problem common pain points common
problems
that prospects actually bring to us
um what are their main motivators their
main desires their main goals the main
things that they actually want to happen
um and then utilizing these things in
the marketing material that gets put out
whether that's on your website your
content your videos your podcasts your
seo articles and so on um
so making sure that what we're
attracting is actually what we want to
get kind of thing
um
[Music]
so it seems like your understanding of
sales informs your understanding of
marketing so so maybe it's advisable to
wear both hats at some point in your
career if you if you couldn't understand
the pain of the sales side would you be
as good at marketing as you are
oh definitely not like definitely not i
mean um
so i've got the advantage of i run a
podcast so i
kind of speak to marketers and i also
speak to sales leaders all the time
um i started life as a sales rep so i
cold called
for quite a long time before i worked up
to going to be an sdr and an ae and then
eventually
co-found co-ran this business
and then
work on a bunch of marketing strategies
so every day's an education very much so
um
but yeah i think
there's
and this isn't to say all marketers but
i think too many marketers just
don't actually listen to what's going on
so
they need to depending on how advanced
your sales team is like some sales team
they're going to have software like
refract or chorus or gong where you can
literally listen to sales calls or
otherwise you can just record your calls
and actually understand what prospects
are saying whether like for example if
sales are feeding back that these these
leads are feeding us absolutely shocking
then marketing needs to be listening to
what the customer responses are
and then chatting to sales and saying
well okay what can we do to improve what
is what defines a great client what
defines someone that's ready to speak to
you what are these typical frustrations
problems that they bring to you okay
let's look at how can we can attract
these and that might be leveraging that
in the content we start
creating and distributing um should
probably get into at some stage
sure so you you mentioned earlier about
nurturing those leads via marketing what
would you say in in 2022 where we are in
the current state of the world what are
for all the for all the business owners
i guess that listen to us if they've not
really dipped their toe in the marketing
pool and we'll be honest we haven't done
so much so much so far because there's
not really been a demand for it
where would you start where's a good
place to start and how would you
continue to nurture those leads in the
b2b world
well in terms of someone that's showing
a very vague interest in what you do
well well i would say like but for
someone that hasn't
touched anything yet they're looking at
marketing they're a business owner and
they want to attract clients where's
where's because there's so many
different avenues that you can go down
and especially where we are do you go
down a demand gen do you set up a
podcast you set up an ebook where's a
good place to start what do you think
is is the best place to start in terms
of marketing where we are at the current
place
yeah yeah are we talking b to b company
yeah b to b
cool um
yeah so let's say if you are startups
and you perhaps strapped for cash i'd
imagine
um
so you're limited on what you can do
so marketing wise i mean linkedin's
almost a no-brainer it's the biggest b2b
network there is you guys use it i use
it and it's one of the fastest ways that
you can
start conversations in terms of
marketing perspective if you're not
using phone if you're not using another
tool so yeah it's a great way to
connect to prospects
start
conversations and put out your own
content
build your personal brand and um
yeah so i mean that that's a no-brainer
because it's free to use the organic
reach on linkedin is still high so you
can literally put out posts over time
build yourself as an authority as a
credible person as the go-to person for
your industry so let's say yourself
software maybe yourself software you can
over time share
educational helpful useful tips around
what you do and position yourself as
someone that knows what what they're
talking about
and so in a few months time you might
start to attract inbound inquiries and
make referrals make connections all that
good stuff
um
but probably my um
my thoughts on this uh
probably quite controversial to most
because if i didn't have much cash i'd
probably do what i did when i was
literally at this point so when i was at
a startup marketing company before web
choice that literally had almost next to
nothing on
in terms of budget spend we
we knew we had to do a few things so i
knew linkedin was decent then so i kind
of started leveraging that putting out
content there
um
[Music]
we knew we needed a kind of half decent
website that would kind of clearly show
what we do how we helped share the
services we offered share some social
proof testimonials and make it easy for
people to get in touch with us
we also knew that long-term seo was
going to help us because we had a
background of digital i mean that long
term if six 12 months or so if we
started doing some seo
at the time we didn't do it in house we
just employed a fairly cheap company do
it for us we knew that pay off dividends
um
so we basically did those three things
plus
we had no book of business right now
so
what i did was i leveraged my existing
network
so any old clients prospects from past
companies i'd worked at called them
straight away and said look i've moved
over this is what we're doing
is it worth the conversation or do you
know anyone that can kind of help with
what we do
and then i cold called so i um
in this case i this was like a marketing
agency i worked for so cold called
kind of um agencies that could
potentially give us white label work or
that could partner with us so it wasn't
a
really hard cold cool situation it was
more like look this is what we do you
use something similar is there any
opportunity for us to kind of pass work
each other's way
and this was old school so this was back
when everything was face to face so i
was setting meetings up in london
and going up and see them having
conversations a lot of them a waste of
time but a few of them paid off because
i didn't really know what i was doing i
didn't really have any sales training
but still managed to generate some
business so that was
if you are really strapped for cash and
your bootstrap startup and your b2b
using linkedin properly
probably
teaching yourself how to sell whether
that's reading sales training books or
getting on podcasts listening to
podcasts like these video training etc
sorting yourself out a decent website
looking at long-term things whether
that's seo um
and actually hitting the phones
generating business and working your
existing network before you do any of
this because that's going to tap into
some clients and then
longer term there's quite a lot of
because
it depends what resources you've got and
yeah longer term things like
setting up a podcast or setting up a
video series just makes sense because
you can literally invite idle clients
onto the show build up relationships you
also create content that you can then
share on social you can share on youtube
on the podcast channels and again you
can build up yourself as an authority
and what you do so if you're putting out
educational content that's geared
towards your ideal clients you're going
to position yourself as someone who
knows their and eventually you're
going to you're going to attract
inquiries or you're going to build trust
with people that were connected to you
that now realize that you can actually
help them so that would be some of my
first
ports of cool
okay i'm gonna i'm gonna play devil's
advocate on a few of these things if you
don't mind some so those two one of the
things you mentioned was having a good
website so i was saying earlier
one of our clients told me the other day
and they specialize in marketing website
and they said your website is which
is
a very nice way of putting it but
i think i think what you meant by that
is well what i'm going to assume you
meant by that is there's not much in
terms of what we do and what we say and
i think there is a reason behind that in
terms of
we like to keep things if if you present
a full story
prospects are going to make up their own
mind and obviously
somebody like yourself who has those
sales skills you don't want to just put
your price on the website you want to
have a conversation and and make sure
that they're actually dating you put
your price on what's going to say i've
seen that that's one of the main things
that you post about something that you
should be there
yeah
okay do you want to jump in
sure um
so very shortly
i would rather speak to people that are
qualified to buy and have budget
rather
and bear in mind we're pretty much all
inbound now um
so
we we literally had a bunch of leads
that were coming in every day
and from the marketing channels do seo
ads linkedin
but a large chunk of them just couldn't
afford what we do
even if we had a conversation with them
for 30 minutes understand what they do
their services who they want to attract
when it comes to budget perspective they
just don't have the cash to do it do
business with us so i'd rather be up
front and just say look this is our
rates
even if
even if your service is very bespoke
which many b2b companies are just saying
look we start at this
and maybe we have
kind of
a to b pricing for this type of project
c to d pricing for this e2f for this
type of range even if you're being quite
broad
i just believe it qualifies
quite well and then you have a chance to
back that up on your site with social
proof maybe you've got customer videos
testimonials accreditations etc
that's my standpoint what do you think
i would say would would you need to even
have a sales meeting then could you not
have like a checkout thing on your
website like tesco
possibly if you're very transactional
but let's let's be honest if you're if
you're over a grand or so
for and
and some sas solutions uh i don't know a
few hundred a month more
most people are gonna gonna wanna still
speak to a sales rep first
yeah i'm i am with you someone might say
like that if you've got a lot of inbound
traffic it makes sense to have like
almost like a qualify out strategy
um which is kind of what we do on the
phone anyway it's not very
hard please buy off us it's a
quite a nurturing but still let's
disqualify and make sure you definitely
can but everyone's got all these say no
on the table
um
we're not fortunate enough to be there
yet in terms of if we're all cold
outreach but um
i'm with you i've never actually thought
of it like that either like a uh
bracket a
x range of price because i was thinking
like often if i gave you like a hard
price actually there might be a few
hundred pounds more work involved so how
would i actually present that on a
website do you know what i'm saying i do
and also do you find i don't know if you
guys do but do you ever find yourself or
clients or
and partners find yourself sending
proposals or quotes or anything via
email that has pricing on
we have quite antique proposals and
quotes
yeah
the some some companies aren't then your
website can be quite useful for that so
quite often you'll find that if you're
sending pdfs documents powerpoints etc
an email and gets stuck in spam folder
people just skipped most people skip to
the pricing page anyway um
or skim the rest of it so if you've got
these assets on your website it saves
people time save yourselves team time as
well because they can literally just say
look check out this page this has got
all you need and that's one other kind
of point it can come in useful
i'd do a great
sorry jaguar i was going to say if it's
getting to the point where you're
getting hundreds of inbound leads
there's only even if you bring in more
aes and things like that there's only so
many half-hour meetings you can take in
a weekly basis until you've and i guess
like zach said we're not at that point
where we're overwhelmed so it's you can
have that
first port of call conversation and you
can work it out and a lot of it like
it's either
inbound or or outbound on that first
five ten minute conversation you can
work out their average order value and
things like that so it's a little bit
different i guess in terms of what we do
but it is just that i think what you
want to do is you're right you want
people to come onto your website and
make a decision whether they want to
work with you or not and then by sitting
down with you that's just the cherry on
top
yeah i think you you mentioned something
interesting though before we got into
that is that your you
prospect said your website is terrible
but they still they still buy from you
yeah
yeah so that's interesting so this is
probably shots fired but connect and
sell website in my opinion is absolutely
shocking but i think they've done that
for a reason
like
they're all cold outreach right they
literally sell a tool that is an auto
dialer so you can call cool like i don't
know 10x whatever you do
automatic dining i don't know their
stats but i think they've done that
intentionally because they want to speak
to people on the phone
and they don't really want you to do too
much on their website so i think there
is sometimes strat strategies to do that
method to the madness i'd flip it and
say they probably bought from you
because they trust in what you do
and you guys have probably had great
conversation with them ask great
questions and built that trust over time
um whereas a lot of companies don't have
the sales team with those skills to
actually do that properly
so
you're using your website as a crutch to
basically do all those things for you so
leverage social proof leverage
testimonials case studies customer
stories have a great design that
attracts idle clients clearly share what
you do and then prompt people to reach
out to you if you so i mean i think
that's fair if you actually look at the
other websites in this space all the
companies who do what we do
their websites are super vague as well
they can look quite glossy and nice
aesthetically
yeah but as i say i think keeping it
vague
maybe the psychology as well someone
will get in touch to clarify those
things but on the flip side i suppose
playing devil's advocate to my own
comment it might scare people off and
think i've no idea what this does or
what they can do for me and i'll find
somewhere where i can get those answers
yeah i mean that's a huge problem a lot
of websites especially in the b2b tech
sas space are just massively
massively confusing like they just use
so much jargon
you land on their home page and you're
still unsure of what they do
um and they just use kind of like you'll
probably find in conversation with
salespeople they just use all these tech
words that customers don't really
understand but are too kind to tell you
they don't um when in truth being
crystal clear is much more advantageous
much more profitable than
trying to sound clever
yeah yeah so just clearly outlining what
you do and how you help is a lot more
effective than trying to use big words
and i think going back to what zach was
saying earlier about sales and marketing
for
a lot of people are here say yeah but
when our website's perfect or when this
is and when x and when it's marketing is
the crutch that sales can blame when
they're not performing when sales are
doing well it's all sales when sales
aren't doing well it's marketing it's
that they get the brand because
do you know what personalities are most
of the time like in sales it would take
a lot for a sales person to just turn
around and say i'm not doing well have
you ever heard a sales person say that
no
it's the data it's the dialer it's the
uh yeah yeah it's the white walls in
this building
oh yeah it's true i mean i've said it
myself like when there's been slow
months and stuff like that oh there's
not enough leads coming in or this and
that when in fact like you say if you
are
if you're a fresh salesman you should be
prospecting your own business but at the
same time i do believe that depending on
the size of your obviously if you're a
startup and there's just a couple of you
then you're gonna have to prospect most
of the time until you've got that
inbound flow until you've got the cash
and the revenue to actually invest in
whether that is paid advertising
demand generation whatever route you go
down you're gonna have to do some kind
of cold outreach to actually build up
that pipeline um yeah unless you've got
funding
that'd be nice maybe one day
[Laughter]
um so another thing putting the uh
putting the boxing gloves back on
we've seen that you've posted that a
website is better than a salesperson and
it hurts my feelings that you would
think that's um but i was hoping you
could uh go into that in a bit more
detail
yeah yeah so
let's
let me share a quick story so a while
back this was probably a couple years
back now someone um
booked a demo with me for their stuff um
under the illusion that they kind of
wanted to buy something from me
um it was quite vague but then i was a
bit less aware like these days if
someone messaged me on linkedin a cold
emails me i always want to know exactly
what it is before i jump into a meeting
and just get a bit of context more than
anything but anyway hopped on the call
regardless sounded like they wanted to
buy from me
got on the zoom it was about 15 minutes
of them just sharing this web tool like
features benefits of it literally just i
didn't get a word in edgeways they were
just hopping around showing me screens
and explaining how great it was how good
their company was how many awards
they've won how many years they've been
in business all these great gizmos or
this great widget that we could stick on
our website and then it got to 15 70
minutes and i said thanks mate but you
it's been 15 70 minutes you haven't
asked me one question you have no idea
what my company does um if we're even a
good fit to work together you just kind
of bragged about how great you are and
so i think i'll pass but i wish you all
the best
so that was like for me that's the
absolute antichrist like how not to do a
demo
um and i feel like
many websites are just like terrible
sales reps and the fact that they just
want to brag about how great they are
and they don't want to qualify so
they're scared to share pricing they're
scared to share processes case studies
and they make it difficult for
prospects to take the next step
so
what i mean by that is
yes there are great sales people there's
no doubt of that um but
unlike a sales rep your website can be
live all the time so it's literally live
24 7. um
so prospects can be looking at all the
time on the basis that you're marketing
it
effectively on channels that idle
clients actually use um
and then your site can do all those
things so they can show what you do it
can educate and it can qualify um it can
build trust and it can kind of point
people to take the next step but it can
do the opposite as well so it can scare
people away
so a bad website is just as bad as a bad
sales rep
very much or worse
yeah
but and then what's the
from your experience what's the
percentage split obviously you're in
this business to to solve problems for
people how many
good websites that help people on that
buying journey actually exist in the b2b
space compared to ones that don't
probably like 50 50. something like that
really
yeah maybe i'm being a bit harsh just
because i'd like to be harsh but i just
think
there's just a lot and
like there's a main thing like there's a
test that i run um i didn't invent it
but there's something called the grunt
test which you should apply to any home
page that you actually want to generate
a business from your website so it's
basically could a caveman land on your
website in caveman times
with his laptop in front of him and
clearly grunt within a couple seconds of
landing on your site could he grunt
exactly what you do
how you help and how to get in touch if
you couldn't grant that within a couple
seconds of landing on your website
homepage then you're losing business
because people people are going to flick
off your site and head to a competitor
um because people don't like messing
around they don't have much time they
want to get stuff done fast and likewise
it's the same if your website loads
slowly so if you've got a really poor
page load speed if it takes like five or
six seconds to load your site they're
going to get frustrated and just head to
the competition um
so those kind of things and if your site
doesn't work smoothly on mobile and
desktop so those kind of things just
throw people off and lose your business
straight away okay so what if what if
we've got the price on the website i've
got a clear value proposition i know
what problem you solve
and i reach out to you but i'm actually
the wrong fit
what what things would you put in place
to make sure that i'm qualified up front
before you get through to actually
sitting down with me
in what way is the wrong fit
um i'm one of five decision makers
i don't have budget actually till next
quarter so i'm looking at this now along
with many other things
um
i've already got something in place
we're signed up with a you know i've got
a contract in place for another year
i'm trying to just think of other
examples but let's say those ones to
start off with so those ones that might
be
not necessarily wrong fit long term but
wrong fit for now so you know you might
not want to spend loads of time on me
tomorrow was like an urgent let's get
this guy in i think something's going to
happen
yeah so it's more of like a lead that
you probably want to nurture over time
yeah but is there any is the things you
would put in place to make sure that's
ticked off
up front there's
there's a few things it's
yeah there's a few things you can do
so in terms of the first point so you're
one of five decision makers then
i guess what you could do on your your
website is you can maybe have a process
page
um or something similar where you share
the type of
people that you tend to deal with
so if there was
generally a point of contact that your
product tends to that your sales team
tend to deal with or your account
manager tends to lie is with maybe you
could say look typically we'll be
involved with the vp of marketing
whatever that is and you explain this is
why this is because they control the
marketing
department they run the show we need to
have a close
conversation with them and ensure that
everything runs smoothly so things like
that or maybe have a video explaining it
or an animation or something like that
along with some copy
and that kind of explainer
budget next quarter
don't know if there's a great deal you
can do about that um you could you could
be super cheeky on your site and you
could literally say like
um
i don't know whether you have a calendar
tool integrated whether that's calendly
chili piper or something like that so
you can put the time and date and maybe
you share on that
um
please pick a time if you're ready to
kind of look at this tool in the next
three to six months or something like
that if you wanted to be cheeky that's
something you could do um and that will
qualify out people that aren't looking
to buy in the next three to six months
um was there something else you said as
well
um i mean you're you're you're answering
most of these for me anyway i think the
um
the issue is with what i suppose with
what you're saying i'm potentially with
the way we would stand on this as well
is yeah you might get blindsided either
way potentially
um
so perhaps rather than one
takes over from the other it's they can
both work together quite symbiotically
would you disagree with me on that i
wouldn't disagree i mean i would say
that you've got to remember that
nothing's going to be perfect
like
every now and then you're going to get
someone that disregards your pricing and
still tries to get
still tries to book a meeting yet they
can't afford you yeah i'm sure it's the
same in cold calling right someone's
gonna say that they're
they've tickled the boxes yes we've got
budget yes we can buy now yes on the
decision maker you get on the next call
it turns out they're just a sales
manager and they've got like five
directors above them that need to sign
the boxes
yeah exactly we have a guy who comes
back every few months and we have the
same conversation and we invoice him and
he never opens the invoice and we never
actually work with him and he comes back
again apologizing a few months later and
we go through the same process and do it
again
um so one more time if you're listening
all right can i can i check in on that
can i jump in on something so i i had a
great personalized link linkedin message
and i don't really respond well to
linkedin i'd rather someone call me but
somebody a young sdr sent me a message
for a piece of software and it's
something that we were in the the market
for and we were looking at
they sent me a calendar link which was
great and i was like yeah i'm really
into this is this something that's fine
they sent me a calendar link and there
were so many questions attached to it
obviously they were trying to qualify me
and
i i disqualified myself i said i don't
want to write really to get through to
book a meeting i was happy to move
forward
but by qualifying me so intensely and
there's probably about 10 different
sections i closed the link
and i didn't reply to her so i'm very
sorry about that but
i was i disqualified myself and now
decision makeup yeah budget yeah time
yeah all these things otherwise i
wouldn't have engaged and i engaged in
that conversation but she disqualified
me out do you think that there is such a
thing as too much disqualification boys
is that to me but anybody yeah you take
it you're the guest yeah yeah so
yeah there is um
i guess there's a line between
qualifying
reducing friction on an experience and
giving a good experience to your
prospect potential customer and then
pissing someone off
so in your case you just got so
frustrated you headed off the form
because they asked you so many questions
so it's on those kind of forms i think
it's just asking the key things that you
need to have the conversation
i.e
i don't know if theirs was a sas tool so
perhaps they just have set fees but
maybe just
asking the basics like name email
if you do need them to pick a budget
bracket fine um
and then do you need much more than that
i mean people are trying to just do
discovery on a form or via an email
these days what's the point of a
discovery call
yeah i'd agree with that um i would use
like i said use your site as a light
tool to qualify people initially and
then
like i say it's not gonna be perfect
it'll help qualify quite well you're
still going to get a few slip through
the gaps but then that's why
on the basis that your product and your
average
order value warrants it have a discovery
cause that next step
and that way like you say you can decide
if you can actually help this person or
if they're a good match to work with you
so yeah yeah don't have too many fields
because that will throw some people off
there you go sorry about that
so have you got any good anecdotal
examples in your
distinguished career of really bad
marketing that you've covered and
thought oh my god i need to really
pull the hood back here and roll my
sleeves up this is just the worst thing
i've ever seen
um yeah i mean there's been a few
there's been a few i mean there's
there's been some where
people have just kind of taken
marketing budget away like we were doing
maybe seo for them or paid ads and then
their friend had told them to invest a
load of cash in tv advertising and radio
so they took that i was like wow good
luck with that
um
which for some really traditional
industries
where perhaps the listeners are a bit
more elderly and stuff like that like
we've we've got a client actually that's
in double glazing and
a lot of their clients like 60 plus so
yeah that that kind of stuff and old
magazine ads and stuff like can actually
work because their demographics reading
it but a big part of marketing is
understanding where your audience
actually are you know what they're
actually using to consume the content
that you might appear on so
yeah taking the time to research that
properly is is very important um
but i think
the worst thing and this this is
typically where we get involved is just
from an inbound perspective because a
lot of people aren't like you boys they
don't actually want to do any cold
outreach or they're happy to do maybe
cold linkedin and um cold email outreach
but when it comes to picking up the
phone that's a no-go
so a lot of people just
spend a lot of cash whether that is on
paid advertisement like google ads or
review sites like g2 capterra those kind
of stuff but then they just send them to
a website that does a poor job of making
people take the next step
um
so like
addressing all those points we were
talking about earlier already so it
doesn't give a clear value prop on how
you help
doesn't um qualify prospects in doesn't
share examples or results that you've
brought to the table doesn't share
um it doesn't educate people so it
doesn't prove to them that you're a
go-to person you're sector so maybe it
has things like blog articles or video
resources or podcasts and guides and all
that good stuff and it doesn't make it
easy for people to speak to sales
because one
one area that websites fall short which
is quite often debated on linkedin
actually is like whether you should have
a calendar tool or like a contact form
um
but i think giving people the option so
if prospects come on your site some
people might want to phone you straight
away it's given the option to phone
some people might want to email some
people might want to fill a form so
making your call to actions on your
website whether that is book a call or
request to consultation making those
nice and clear on your headline and as
people scroll down on pages so they can
easily click the call to action and then
get in touch with you on their preferred
channel
rather than forcing them to take an
action that you might want to take
so some people don't agree with that
well i think a lot of b2b companies just
want people to book time on a calendar
right um like for example on webchoice
on our site we don't actually use a
calendar tool but that's mainly because
me and tom who go in the company with
another chat run the sales department so
we just reply to inquiries within a
couple of minutes on email anyway
um but i can understand calendar tools
for larger organizations where you have
to split leads to multiple sales reps
and things like that
and i think there's a time and a place
for them i'm mainly talking about giving
people option to phone if they wish or
fill out a form or live chat depending
on where you're at
so so
i was flipping flipping the conversation
a bit here from the from the business
side what what what are your ambitions
for the business over the next few years
what's kind of left to do
yeah yeah so
ultimately if we get to
the point
where we can get certain turnover maybe
maybe look to exit i'm not sure um
at the moment i i'm quite a fortunate
spot really as i get to
mess around on linkedin mess around on
the podcast mess around on the youtube
um deal with the inbound sales inquiries
and
like my favorite part of the work is
kind of more from a strategy and
consulting point of view
so um just having those conversations
and
understanding if we can help people
helping people with go to market
strategies
acquiring more inbound and
and then at the same time working with
the team
so i'm quite fortunate i don't have to
be too hands-on with the actual building
and delivery because we've got a great
team around us um so yeah it's just more
on growing monthly recurring revenue as
i'm sure almost 99 of the people that
tune in want to do
ramp up the retainers so if you need seo
give me a shout and um
that that's the main plan really and
keep keep building on the podcast side
of things
yeah yeah yeah you've had some uh some
great guests as i said to you before
it's a regular listen for me on a dog
walking in the evening i think oh
you've had some i listened to you with
marcus kalki yesterday
actually yeah we were just on marcus's
podcast and i had to listen to it a few
times before because i heard that he
might
tear us a new one um but he was actually
very nice was he yeah yeah because i um
he did mention like i said to him he was
on mine like a long long time ago and i
said would you be opposed to having me
on yours and
he said i'm quite stern and like quite
firm and like kind of threw me off and i
was like
but you guys survived it well we
survived it he didn't want us to start
he he did say that he jack he said
there's normally a part
where i make you feel uncomfortable are
you okay with that i think so now now
that you've been nice to me
we'll listen back to it and see how hard
she actually was
sorry so i'm going i was just gonna say
you had um chris voss's son on the other
day didn't you on your show yeah we had
chris voss's son we've got some cool we
actually get
we actually get them through cold
calling believe it or not oh you cold
called him we cold call the majority of
our guests that are like slightly out of
reach yeah yeah um we just put them
through cognizant and just get the
mobile numbers and just ring them and
they normally laugh because it's like
the usual
this is a cold call what flipped on its
head and said this is a call about
trying to get you on our podcast you
want to hang up
i like that and they normally laugh and
say go on what's it about so we've got
some pretty cool guests coming up
through doing that obviously some people
say absolutely not cold
i rang james khan from dragonstone the
other day
did you yeah he was absolutely not up
for it
oh that's brilliant that's brilliant who
else did we ring jennifer lopez jennifer
lopez was wrong but we just got through
to a mobile but i don't know what i'd
talk to jennifer lopez about in terms of
sales and marketing i could think of a
few things yeah
i bet you could um right some that we've
taken loads of your time though i think
that's been really insightful if people
want to want to find you and and pick
your brains what's the best route
yeah appreciate it thanks for having me
on so
yeah the podcast where we share kind of
website and marketing tips and we
interview marketers and sales leaders
every week is business growth show so
you can find that business growth dot
marketing
and connect with me on linkedin i'm
sharing marketing and website tips every
day otherwise if you're perhaps feeling
frustrated your website is failing to
generate a steady flow of inbound sales
opportunities or you're just tired of
seeing your competitors ahead of you on
google when you search for the product
or service you offer then give us a
shout might be able to help
sweptchoiceuk.com
nice
that was a good pitch i'm going to steal
that
cool right so thank you very much and uh
we'll see everyone again next week
cheers guys